I felt a drop of rain on my cheek
From within the crowd,
I looked up to the sky
When I thought I was done for
Suddenly a umbrella was
held out for me from behind
I wondered who it was and turned around
But it was a woman I didn't know
Her gaze felt familiar from somewhere
Why does this feel nostalgic? Who are you?
Like coelacanth, the living fossil
It was there at the bottom of my heart
Emotional moments like this
that I've forgotten for so long
Nothing has changed since those times
I rediscovered the excitement
I can't believe that it's been
quietly living until now, such a miracle
Was it in middle school? Or high school?
It was so long ago,
the pain of being in love
If I tried to talk to her
Something might suddenly happen
I ran toward a café canopy
And she took shelter right next to me
Why are you here,
even though you have an umbrella?
This was kind of weird, such a strange feeling
But somehow, I didn't feel bad at all
I wished the rain would never stop falling
How long have we stood here in silence?
Why is my heart thumping? What's going on?
The coelacanth survived to this day
It didn't go extinct
Nobody noticed it,
where could it have been?
It didn't succumb to the glacial period
of adulthood, nor to natural selection
It was just forgotten and
now it has reappeared, such a mystery
I thought I lost this a long time ago
This feeling that's so important to me
I rediscovered it deep within my heart
It made me kind of happy
Like coelacanth, the living fossil
It was there at the bottom of my heart
Emotional moments like this
that I've forgotten for so long
Nothing has changed since those times
I rediscovered the excitement
I can't believe that it's been
quietly living until now, such a miracle
Was it in middle school? Or high school?
It was so long ago,
the pain of being in love
If I try to talk to her
Something might suddenly happen